(DOCSP-26157) Adds link to cluster create command and config file (#80)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/atlas-cli-quickstart.txt

To perform all of these steps while also creating a new |service|
account, see :ref:`atlas-cli-onboarding`.

To create a {+cluster+} using a configuration file, run the
:ref:`atlas-clusters-create` command with the ``--file`` option instead

> of ``atlas quickstart``. To learn more about configuration files, see

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity:
```suggestion
of ``atlas quickstart``. To learn more about configuration file for an |service| cluster, see
```
